1.
 The difference between an object and an instance is, an object is a thing and an instance is a relation.
 In other words, instance describes the relation of an object to the class that the object was made from.
2.
There are basically three types of variables in Java, Java Local variable.
 Java Instance variable. Java Static variable / Java class variable.
3.
Explicit knowledge. Explicit knowledge can be documented, transmitted, and most importantly, learned by outsiders.
Implicit knowledge
Tacit knowledge
Declarative knowledge
Procedural knowledge
A priori knowledge
A posteriori knowledge
4.
A method is a function that “belongs to” an object. (In Python, the term method is not unique to class instances: other object types can have methods as well.
The difference is that a method is associated with an object, while a function is not. Let's explore some of JavaScript's built-in methods.
5.
Python is one of the few modern programming languages that supports multiple inheritance.The Syntax for Inheritance in C++
6.
Python does not have the private keyword, unlike some other object oriented languages, 
but encapsulation can be done. Instead, it relies on the convention: 
a class variable that should not directly be accessed should be prefixed with an underscore.
7.
                 Class	
                                                                    Object

A class is a template for creating objects in program.	        The object is an instance of a class.
A class is a logical entity	                                Object is a physical entity
A class does not allocate memory space when it is created.	Object allocates memory space whenever they are created.
8.
There is no difference. One performs a+b , the other b+a . Likewise rmul and mul produce the same result, but rsub and sub & rdiv and div do not.
9.
Reflection is a process of exploring and examining ourselves, our perspectives, attributes, experiences and actions / interactions.
 It helps us gain insight and see how to move forward. Reflection is often done as writing,
 possibly because this allows us to probe our reflections and develop them more thoughtfully.
10.
This function is used to assign and add the current value.
11.
If, as is common, SubClass actually does want to have all of BaseClass 's invariants set up before it goes on to do its own customisation, 
then yes  we can just call BaseClass. __init__() (or use super , 
but that's complicated and has its own problems sometimes).
